; sr32.dtx

; UK Gaap Taxonomy

; Notes
; =====

; File format:
; - The parameter file can have any name but must be a text file.
; - Blank lines or lines which start with ';' or '//' are ignored.
; - All active lines other than search/replace list lines start with a key that ends with a ':' to define their
;   purpose.
; - The parameters may occur in any order, except that 'base dir:' and 'mask:' options apply only to file
;   and/or directory lines that follow them in the parameter file.
; - Multiple items on a line are separated by 2 or more spaces.
; - Comments may be added at the end of a line, after a gap of 2 or more spaces.
; - Quotes can be used to surround items that contain 2 or more spaces, and/or have leading/trailing spaces.
; - Leading and trailing spaces are ignored, unless the item is enclosed in quotes.
;
; Options
; -------
; - All options are optional i.e. the default is used if the option is not specified.
; - Case is not significant, except in masks when accessing a Linux/Unix machine.
; - All masks may be composed of multiple comma separated masks e.g. *.php,*.htm of up to 80 characters in total.
;
; Option     Valid   Def  Comments
;            Values  ault
; base dir:  dddddd   ""  Specifies a base (or root) directory which is prepended to subsequent file names
;                         in File Lines and to directory names in Directory Lines which start with ".".
;                         Sr32 adds or removes '/' or '\' characters as necessary. This option can be used
;                         multiple times to apply to different groups of files or directories.
; case:      y/n      y   y causes a case sensitive search, n a case insensitive search. The case of replace
;                           items is not affected - they are applied as in the search/replace list.
; corp:      y/n      y   re :c: or :n: search lines intended for use with H.A (FAPP) formats - see below.
; file type: s/w/u/m  a   Specifies how individial lines are terminated in a modified file.
;                          s = Same as the input file type, automatically detected during reading
;                          w = Windows/DOS i.e. CRLF pair
;                          u = Unix/Linux i.e. LF
;                          m = Mac i.e. CR
; mask:      mmmmmm   *.* This wildcard mask of up to 80 characters is applied to any directories in the list
;                         of directories following the option, unless the directory line includes its own mask.
;                         This option can be used multiple times to apply to different groups of directories.
; prompt:    y/n      n   y causes prompting for each replace. (There is always a prompt re saving of modified
;                           files.)
; save ftc:  y/n      n   y causes the save file option to be provided even if the only change to the file
;                           is to the file type. 'ftc' stands for 'file type change'.
; skip //:   y/n      n   y causes search/replace operations to be skipped in '//' type comments
; word:      y/n      y   y causes the search to be on a whole 'word' basis, with 'words' delineated by:
;                           - start: start of line, or if the previous character is a non alnum character
;                                    except for '_', or if the first search character is non alnum
;                           - end:   end of line, or if the next character is a non alnum character
;                                    except for '_', or if the last search character is non alnum

; File Lines
; ----------
; file: file name

; - If the file name starts with "." the current base directory (see base dir: option above) is prepended to
;   the file name in place of the ".".
; - Files named individually are processed before files found via the directories list. They are not processed
;   a second time if they are also found via the directories list.

; Directory Lines
; ---------------
; dir: directory  {optional mask, *.* or current 'mask:' option used o'wise. Must be included if a comment is to follow on the line}

; - If the directory name starts with "." the current base directory (see base dir: option above) is prepended
;   to the directory name in place of the ".".

; Search/Replace List Lines
; -------------------------
; search item  replace text  optional comment

; - 'replace' text is always inserted as in these lines i.e. with case preserved.
; - Search/Replace List Lines which start :c: are Corporate only and are skipped if the 'corp' option is 'n'
; - Search/Replace List Lines which start :n: are uNincorp  only and are skipped if the 'corp' option is 'y'

case:      y
word:      y
mask:      *.xsd,*.xml
skip //:   n
prompt:    n  
file type: u
save ftc:  y

base dir: B:/Admin/Taxonomies/uk-gaap
dir: .
dir: ./all
dir: ./all/common
dir: ./all/gaap-ref
dir: ./all/ref
dir: ./all/types
dir: ./cd/business
dir: ./cd/countries-regions
dir: ./cd/currencies
dir: ./cd/exchanges
dir: ./cd/languages
dir: ./gaap/core
dir: ./reports/aurep
dir: ./reports/direp

; 21.03.11
/2009-09-01/  /
/2009-09-01"  """
-2009-09-01-  -
-2009-09-01.  .
