; bk.dtx

; Example command file for bk, which allows for sets of files or directories to be backup up.
; If the file exists in the target folder and has the same date/time stamp, and is the same size, it is not copied again.

; Run bk with this file by entering (w/o the leading '; ') and with paths as needed:
; bk bk.dtx

; A Desktop icon may be set up with, for example:
; Target   : "C:\Program Files\Utils\bk.exe" bk.dtx
; Start In : "C:\Program Files\Utils"

; File format
; -----------
; - The command file can have any name but must be a text file.
; - Blank lines or lines which start with ';' or '//' are ignored.
; - All active lines start with a key that ends with a ':' to define their  purpose.
; - Multiple items on a line are separated by 2 or more spaces.
; - Comments may be added at the end of a line, after a gap of 2 or more spaces.
; - Double quotes i.e. " can be used to surround items that contain 2 or more spaces, and/or have leading/trailing spaces.
; - Leading and trailing spaces are ignored, unless the item is enclosed in double quotes.
;

; Backup Data
; -----------
; Data to be backed up may be specified by file or directory, via file: and dir: command lines, in a list of any length.

; By default, sub-directories of directories are included, to any depth. If this is not required for
; a particular directory, it may be turned off by adding a 'sub:n' option to the command.

; Options are available for base directories (source and target) to reduce the length of comamnd lines, and also
; to allow selective backing up with Directory Lines, via either an inclusive or exclusive extension basis.

; Options may be defined or re-defined at any point in the file, with options applying only to file and/or
; directory lines that follow them in the command file.

; Options
; -------
; All options are optional i.e. the default is used if the option is not specified.
; Case is not significant.

; Option           Valid    Def  Comments
;                  Values   ault
; base dir:        dddddd    ""  Specifies a base (or root) directory which is prepended to subsequent file names
;                                in File Lines and to directory names in Directory Lines which start with ".".
;                                BK adds or removes '/' or '\' characters as necessary. This option can be used
;                               multiple times to apply to different groups of files or directories.
; target base dir: dddddd    ""  Specifies a base (or root) directory which is prepended to subsequent target file names
;                                in File Lines and to target directory names in Directory Lines which start with ".".
;                                BK adds or removes '/' or '\' characters as necessary. This option can be used
;                                multiple times to apply to different groups of files or directories.
; incl-extensions: iiiiii    ""  Comma separated list up to 80 characters long of extensions to be included in the backup
;                                of directories following the option, unless the directory line includes its own include
;                                extensions list. This option can be used multiple times to apply to different groups of directories.
; excl-extensions: eeeeee    ""  Comma separated list up to 80 characters long of extensions to be excluded from the backup
;                                of directories following the option, unless the directory line includes its own exclude
;                                extensions list. This option can be used multiple times to apply to different groups of directories.
; time comparison: a|b|d|e|l  a  Specifies how the timestamps of the source and target files are to be compared in deciding whether
;                                to copy the file or not.
;                                a = after     i.e. copy if source file timestamp is after the target file timestamp
;                                b = before    i.e. copy if source file timestamp is before the target file timestamp
;                                d = different i.e. copy if source file timestamp is different from the target file timestamp
;                                e = earlier = same as before
;                                l = later   = same as after
; time only:       y|n       n  If 'y' means base copy/don't copy decision only on the files' timestamps and ignore size differences
; ask:             y|n       n  If 'y' means ask before copying each file. May also be applied on a dir: basis.
;
; File Lines
; ----------
; file: ffffff  ffffff
; - First file name is source, second is target. Both must be specified.
; - If the (source) file name starts with "." the current base directory (see base dir: option above) is prepended to
;   the file name in place of the ".".
; - If the (target) file name starts with "." the current target base directory (see target base dir: option above) is prepended to
;   the file name in place of the ".".

; Directory Lines
; ---------------
; dir: dddddd dddddd {incl-extensions: iiiiii  excl-extensions: eeeeee  excl-files: fffff  sub:n  ask:[y|n]}
; - First directory name is source, second is target. Both must be specified.
; - incl-extensions: iiiiii is an optional include extensions list that will overide the current list from an incl-extensions: iiiiii option.
; - excl-extensions: eeeeee is an optional exclude extensions list that will overide the current list from an excl-extensions: eeeeee option.
; - excl-files: fffff       is an optional exclude files list
; - sub:n allows the default processing of sub-directories (any level) to be turned off.
; - ask:[y|n] If 'y' means ask before copying each file. ask:n on a dir: line can be used to override a global ask:y
; - If the (source) directory name starts with "." the current base directory (see base dir: option above) is prepended
;   to the directory name in place of the ".".
; - If the (target) directory name starts with "." the current target base directory (see target base dir: option above) is prepended to
;   the directory name in place of the ".".
; NB: dir: options must be used in the above order

; Note: Copying of directories is prevented where this could cause repeated replication e.g. when a directory is backed
;  up to a sub-directory of itself as in:
;  dir: c:\MyData  c:\MyData.bak
;  This will copy all files and sub-directories in c:MyData to c:\MyData.bak except for the sub-directory c:\MyData.bak itself, or
;  otherwise the copying would keep going creating '.bak' sub-directories until the allowable directory name length is exceeded.

;incl-extensions: php,htm,html,shtml,c,cpp,hpp,txt,dtx
excl-extensions: bak,log,fxt,exe,txt~,php~,inc~,css~

// For Acer Vista Notebook 21.11.07
;base dir: "c:\Users\David"
;dir: .AppData\Roaming\Thunderbird\Profiles\lnqwzyr5.default\Mail  d:\backup\Thunderbird  excl-extensions:msf  excl-files:Trash,Junk
;dir: .Documents                                            d:\Backup\Documents
;dir: .Music                                                d:\Backup\Music
;dir: .Pictures                                             d:\Backup\Pictures
;dir: c:\#SitesDev                                          d:\Backup\SitesDev
;dir: c:\#Tat                                               d:\Backup\Tat
;dir: c:\Utils                                              d:\Backup\Utils  excl-files:bk.dtx

;dir: c:\Sites                                             e:\Backup\Sites  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: c:\#MOSSO                                            e:\Backup\MOSSO  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: c:\#TARI                                             e:\Backup\TARI   excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: c:\Forex                                             e:\Backup\Forex  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: G:\experts                                            e:\Backup\GoMarket
;dir: G:\tester                                             e:\Backup\GoMarket\tester

// Dell Desktop XP
;dir: c:\#HostGator                                         e:\Backup\HostGator  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: b:\                                                   e:\Braiins    excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: c:\#Tat                                               e:\Backup\Tat
;;ir: c:\Development stufff                                 e:\Development stufff  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;base dir: "c:\Documents and Settings\David Hartley"
;dir: .My Documents                                         e:\Backup\My Documents  excl-extensions:gg  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;base dir: "c:\Documents and Settings\David Hartley\Application Data\Thunderbird\Profiles\971xu8xa.default"
;;dir: .                                                    e:\Backup\Thunderbird  incl-extensions:mab,sdb  sub:n // Bug? incl-extensions:mab,sdb files weren't copied
;file: .abook.mab                                           e:\Backup\Thunderbird\abook.mab
;file: .abook-1.mab                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\abook-1.mab
;file: .storage.sdb                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\storage.sdb
;dir: .Mail                                                 e:\Backup\Thunderbird\Mail  excl-extensions:msf  excl-files:Trash,Junk
;dir: c:\Program Files\Utils                                e:\Backup\Utils  excl-files:bk.dtx

// Toshiba LT 15.04.12
dir: b:\                                                   e:\Backup\B    excl-files:Thumbs.db
base dir: c:\Users\David
dir: .Documents                                            e:\Backup\My Documents  excl-files:Thumbs.db
;dir: .Music                                                e:\Backup\My Music
;dir: .Pictures                                             e:\Backup\My Pictures
base dir: c:\Users\David\AppData\Roaming\Thunderbird\Profiles\dlseb5h3.default
file: .abook.mab                                           e:\Backup\Thunderbird\abook.mab
file: .abook-1.mab                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\abook-1.mab
file: .abook-2.mab                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\abook-2.mab
file: .history.mab                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\history.mab
;ile: .storage.sdb                                         e:\Backup\Thunderbird\storage.sdb
dir: .Mail                                                 e:\Backup\Thunderbird\Mail  excl-extensions:msf,mozmsgs,wdseml  excl-files:Trash,Junk
dir: .ImapMail                                             e:\Backup\Thunderbird\ImapMail  excl-extensions:msf,mozmsgs,wdseml
dir: c:\Program Files (x86)\EE Backup                      e:\Backup\EE Backup  excl-files:bk.dtx

// Forex WIP added 02.10.13
dir: c:\Forex\Accounts\VantageMT4/wip                      e:\Backup\Forex\Sam\wip  excl-files:Thumbs.db


